Move `UseStrimziPodSet` feature gate to beta (#6906)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* Add network capacity overrides for Cruise Control capacity config
* The `ServiceAccountPatching` feature gate moves to GA.
  It cannot be disabled anymore and will be permanently enabled.

> * The `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate moves to beta phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `UseStrimziPodSets` feature gate moves to beta stage.
```

>   By default, StrimziPodSets will be used instead of StatefulSets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, StrimziPodSets is used instead of StatefulSets.
```

>   If needed, the `UseStrimziPodSets` can be disabled in the feature gates configuration in the Cluster Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If needed, `UseStrimziPodSets` can be disabled in the feature gates configuration in the Cluster Operator.
```
